Ctrl tab in grader. also ctrl w and while we are at it ctrl enter to run ctrl q to close
Update checker
Improve FileManager init method for efficiency
Migrate dropbox app to my own account on dropbox
auto check for javadocs
read screenshots?
Remove println statements
Only log critical errors to error.log
    Upon exiting if there are errors in the log email them to me?
    Popup box when errors occur?
More flexible file naming format.
Warning upon startup when files downloaded is larger than 10MB
Read RTF and Word files as well as text files.
    apache word library
Option to not cache views and save memory if it is worth it (although the new content panes seem to have lowered memory requirement dramatically)
    Review memory management (profile)
When prompted for fixed name, rename file to that name.
Auto search for grades spreadsheet
Auto search for class period with grades
Assignment Status at the top instead of filename
Ctrl Z in gradebook
Stop threads instead of System.exit(0) in guiListener.
Do multiple runs faster, investigate why the delays are needed now that we aren't using files.
View deleted items (or maybe move things to a deleted folder then delete them after a month or so (configureable))
Add a weight % for each unit test (score wise)
Warn if grade is larger than total points given to assignment
Round decimals in grading
Properly validate if downloaded folder is the same as when it was extracted (hashing? checksums?)
Upload changed files back to dropbox (or email to students)
Remember previously used comments for this session.
Store a list of (canned comments) which can simply be selected (or a shortcut can be assigned to them)
Overlay Windows don't deallocate from memory
Add tile mode to gradebook table print
Make code sort take up less space (maybe put it in an (undecorated?) overlay)
Remove columns entirely in browser via right click
Show progress bar when populating filebrowser and downloading grades
Run settings to set memory to run with.
You can't cancel making an assignment...
Sometimes closing fails, should make a timer for a minute to force close if it hasn't after a minute.
Large files downloaded hangs startup (Can't do anything about this without doing a major refactor, systems just assume everything has been parsed upon opening)
Create spacer in gradebook
Make errors in output easier to see, maybe highlight line error was in and make it clickable to go to that line.
Bulk file handling for gradebook

demo mode
    Log them into a test dropbox with some test code and files
    Don't allow renaming or deleting, but everything else is enabled

Frontend app for submitting. Teacher distributes jar and file that has dropbox key (probably has to be web based)
    Put in name and assignment. Will autocomplete assignment name from those submitted
    View your own grades
    Run tests on assignments with unit tests
    How it works:
        Dropboxgrader on close uploads data to the server that contains the frontend
        students have logins for the site
        php