Ctrl tab in grader. also ctrl w and while we are at it ctrl enter to compile?
Auto mark late.
    When creating new assignment ask when it was due
Move rename to another thread
Move redownload to another thread
display current fileQueue
button to change dropbox login in config
Custom sorting in browser table
    Sort assignments by numbers (2 before 1000)
    Sort submitDate by actual date
Surpress exception when refreshing sometimes with swing repainting.
Delete local files option in settings menu.
Count lines of code?
Fix test no java duplicating.
Catch out of memory with massive files.
Config to read text files by default
Update checker
Optional libraries to compile with setting.
Ability to close code tabs with right click.
Store email
Store graded date
Store grade total
Store class period of student
Store student email
Store student year
Improve FileManager init method for efficiency
Improve overall init for efficiency
    not all of the things on init have to happen on the main thread
    stop doing file analysis on init in dbx files and thread it
Auto-email for things
    Invalid file structure
    Assignments that need to be resubmitted
Unit testing (test methods with reflection or something)
    Auto-run and grade tests in background upon startup
Percentage based downloading results.
When grade column is hidden also hide grade and comment
Migrate dropbox app to my own account on dropbox
More user friendly table for assignments submitted
Setting to encrypt grade sheet
Use graded date vs date uploaded to determine if resubmits are done or not.
auto check for javadocs
read screenshots?
Remove println statements
More detailed loading status
    When opening update with task it is currently running.
    Same with refreshing
Only log critical errors to error.log
    Upon exiting if there are errors in the log email them to me?
    Popup box when errors occur?
More flexible file naming format.
Upon first run open config menu first, default settings to empty/null
Javadocs + more comments
User's manual or something. Maybe tutorial?
Theme selector. NIMBUS
    http://www.eclipse.org/swt/
If there are lots of things to run the JOptionPane goes past the monitor width
Make errors in output easier to see, maybe highlight line error was in and make it clickable to go to that line.
Warning upon startup when files downloaded is larger than 10MB
If we correct the name when grading in the popup, rename it in dropbox
Make comment box expand when needed, also go to a multi-line box if needed.
    Maybe do the same with the run times textField?
Right click menu to forcefully delete things even if they arent graded
Remove columns entirely in the grade overview table via right click menu
Icon for taskbar
Filters
    ex: name contains "" or assignment number == this
Bulk options
    change assignment number for all seen under current filter...
Read RTF and Word files as well as text files.
    apache word library
Configurable colors for gradebook as well as browser (inIC,late..)
Option to not cache views and save memory if it is worth it (although the new content panes seem to have lowered memory requirement dramatically)
    Review memory management (profile)
Fix guis on smaller window sizes
When prompted for fixed name, rename file to that name.
Remove old resubmit thing, replace it with date based resubmits/late
Option to show assignments in subdirectories
Auto search for grades spreadsheet
Auto search for class period with grades
Progress spinner displayed on all views that says what it is doing and spins when something is happening.
    More detailed status when initially loading, and downloading/opening files
Check return values when changing data in gradebook
Really, no grading should be done on the main thread since that could mess things up pretty bad if it is modified on two threads at once.
Use contentOverlay instead of GuiHelper and JOptionPane
Mode to switch names/assignments axis
Assignment Status at the top instead of filename
Horizontal scroll wheel support
Make code sort take up less space (maybe put it in an overlay)
Ctrl Z in gradebook
Stop threads instead of System.exit(0) in guiListener.
    stop threads in general when they arent needed
    fix 15% cpu usage for doing nothing
Printing Modes:
    Print table
    Print overall grade/percentage
Gradebook mode:
    View grade percentage per person
Do multiple runs faster, investigate why the delays are needed now that we aren't using files.
Fix deleting lots of files not refreshing.
Bulk file handling for gradebook
Window state remembering is glitchy
Editing text files doesn't save
Listen to mouse scroll value in scrollpane to edit code
Multi-line method detection
Snap names to left in gradebook
Unit tests need a propper gui (in its own class)
Input reads entire bottom line instead of just input
View deleted items (or maybe move things to a deleted folder then delete them after a month or so (configureable))
Default total points configurable
More ghost jtextfields and less jlabels (class for that)
Class for JTextFields for doubles only (less duplicated code)
Improve first/last name searching
Add a weight % for each unit test (score wise)
Make it more clear that elements are separated by commas (maybe make a component to add more terms)
Warn if grade is larger than total points given to assignment
Color gradient from red to green in filebrowser and gradebook browser based on grade/totalpoints
Tests dont work in classes that contain main methods
Choose better deliniators for the unit testing things
Round decimals in grading, configurable place to round to.
Add gui for method access type/method mods
Add a visual way to run unit tests
    Open overlay asking if unit tests should be run and run them on another thread (but grade them on the background thread)
        Upon changing the test
        Upon startup
    Download tests when doing this
Show number of background tasks left when waiting for them
Show progress deleting files when deleting files.
JFileChooser to set JUnit jars in config
Alert if a JUnit test needs to be run but there isn't a jar downloaded.
Run JUnit Tests
Use locks and prevent java.lang.NullPointerExceptionjava.lang.NullPointerException
	at DropboxGrader.RunCompileJava.StringRelayer.run(StringRelayer.java:44)
Cannot open zips with symbols.	
demo mode
    Log them into a test dropbox with some test code and files
    Don't allow renaming or deleting, but everything else is enabled

Frontend app for submitting. Teacher distributes jar and file that has dropbox key (probably has to be web based)
    Put in name and assignment. Will autocomplete assignment name from those submitted
    View your own grades
    Run tests on assignments with unit tests
    How it works:
        Dropboxgrader on close uploads data to the server that contains the frontend
        students have logins for the site
        php